Update GraphQL API Error Responses (#323)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/api-graphql/error-responses/error-responses.mdx

| Status code | Error Response                                                                                                                  | Motive                                                                               |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 400         | To execute queries it is mandatory to provide the desired time interval.                                                     | The `tsRange` or `tsGt + tsLt` fields weren't informed in the query.             |

> | 400         | The start and end dates must have the same timezone.                                                                            | The timezone entered in the `tsGt` and `tsLt` fields are different. If you are using only one of them, use the time in UTC format (Ex.: "2023-10-10T10:47:00")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 400  | The start and end dates must have the same timezone. | The timezone entered in the `tsRange` or `tsGt` and `tsLt` fields are different. Use the timestamp in UTC format. Example: `"2023-10-10T10:47:00"`
```
